May 14, 2026


                                    Bylaws

                                      For

                               SMA-PME Research


These Bylaws, upon approval, supersede all previous versions of these Bylaws.


1. The purpose of the public charity "SMA-PME Research" is to conduct medical
   research to find a cure for Spinal Muscular Atrophy with Progressive Myoclonic
   Epilepsy (SMA-PME), other acid ceramidase deficiency disorders, and other
   medical conditions directly related to finding a cure for SMA-PME or acid
   ceramidase deficiency disorders.

      a. In the paragraphs that follow, "the Organization" refers to the
         "SMA-PME Research" Organization.

      b. The Organization is organized exclusively for charitable purposes to
         conduct medical research under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue
         Code, or corresponding section of any future federal tax code.


2. The Board of Directors was nominated by a nominating committee. The areas of
   responsibility for each of the Board of Director positions is outlined as
   follows:

      a. Board President
            i.  Overall responsibility for the execution of the public charity's
                primary purpose.
            ii. Call, generate agendas for, and conduct all Board meetings.
           iii. Generate motions for vote by the Board of Directors between
                Board meetings.
            iv. Act as the chief communicator for the Organization.

      b. Board Vice President
            i.  Provide advice and counsel to the Board President.

      c. Board Secretary
            i.  Take minutes at all SMA-PME Research Board meetings, or
                ensure that minutes are being taken.
            ii. Publish said minutes to all members of the Board.
           iii. Provide organizational and administrative support for the
                organization.
            iv. Act as the official timekeeper at Board meetings.
             v. Provide or help coordinate administrative assistance for
                internal audits.
            vi. Other duties as assigned.

      d. Treasurer
            i.  Collect, account for and distribute funds as directed by a
                Majority Vote of the Board of Directors.
            ii. Disbursement of funds under $2,500.00 US may be made at the
                discretion of the President and the Board Treasurer and will
                receive full accounting for audit purposes.
           iii. Any disbursement of $2,500.00 US or more shall be brought to a
                vote before the Board.
            iv. Maintain all financial records.
             v. Be the primary signature on all SMA-PME bank accounts.
            vi. Submit all required reports, including a Form 990 or its
                variant, possibly with the assistance of a consulting
                accountant.
           vii. Assist the Board President in all matters of the SMA-PME
                Research Organization that pertain to interaction with a
                consulting attorney and the United States Internal Revenue
                Service.
          viii. With the assistance of the Board President, disseminate all
                required letters and documents to donors as requested for
                their tax purposes.
            ix. Other duties as assigned.

      e. Board Member-At-Large #2
            i.  Advise the Board of Directors on matters of medical research.
            ii. Other duties as assigned.

      f. Board Member-At-Large #3
            i.  Act as the lead for internal auditing concerns.
            ii. Other duties as assigned.


3. Activities of the Organization include but are not limited to:

      a. Soliciting funds from donors for the purpose of finding a cure for
         SMA-PME, acid ceramidase deficiency disorders, and their related
         diseases, only to the extent that a cure for SMA-PME or acid
         ceramidase deficiency disorders might be accelerated.

      b. Using best practices to ensure all donated funds are disbursed to
         individuals and organizations directly or indirectly associated with
         SMA-PME and acid ceramidase deficiency medical research.

      c. Keeping all records required of the Internal Revenue Service.

      d. Practicing optimal fiduciary responsibility and demonstrating
         integrity in all affairs.

      e. Reporting on all activities as required by the United States Internal
         Revenue Service.


4. Meetings of the Board of Directors will be held approximately quarterly,
   but no less than annually, depending on the level of decision making
   required.


5. Upon the dissolution of this organization, assets shall be distributed for
   one or more exempt purposes within the meaning of section 501(c)(3) of the
   Internal Revenue Code, or corresponding section of any future federal tax
   code, or shall be distributed to the federal government, or to a state or
   local government, for a public purpose.


6. Voting

      a. A "Majority Vote" of the Board of Directors means more than half of
         the votes cast by Board members present and voting at a duly called
         meeting at which a quorum is present.

      b. A quorum for the transaction of business shall consist of a majority
         of the then-current Board members.

      c. Each Board member shall have one vote on any matter put to a vote
         of the Board.

      d. Proxies

            i.  A Board member who is unable to attend a meeting may designate
                any person as their proxy to vote on their behalf at that
                meeting.

            ii. A proxy appointment may be made orally to the Board President
                at any time before the meeting. The appointment must be
                confirmed in writing (including by email) as soon as
                practicable after the oral designation is made.

           iii. A proxy holder may cast the absent Board member's vote on all
                matters brought before the meeting, including votes on
                amendments to these Bylaws.

            iv. A proxy is valid only for the specific meeting for which it
                is granted.


7. Amendment of Bylaws

      a. These Bylaws may be amended by a two-thirds (2/3) majority vote of
         the Board of Directors at any duly called meeting at which a quorum
         is present, provided that notice of the proposed amendment has been
         given to all Board members at least seven (7) days prior to the
         meeting.

      b. Any Board member may propose an amendment to these Bylaws by
         submitting the proposed amendment in writing to the Board President.


8. Leave of Absence

      a. A Board member may be granted a leave of absence by the Board
         President upon request.

      b. During a leave of absence, the Board member shall not be counted
         toward quorum and may not designate a proxy to vote on their
         behalf at any meeting.

      c. The Board President shall notify all Board members when a leave
         of absence is granted.


Signed: ____________________________

Mary S. Irwin
Board President




                                   Page 1 of 1
